Add currently unsupported features section to API docs (#4751)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: app/views/api_docs/vendor_api_docs/pages/home.md

To get an idea of how the API works, we recommend you [review the example usage scenarios](/api-docs/usage-scenarios).

> ### What the API doesn't support

Reviewer: can we change this to `##` to make this its own section?

Author: sure

> The API currently doesn't support the following features:

Reviewer 2: Doing @paulrobertlloyd's dirty work...

```suggestion
The API currently doesn’t support the following features:
```

> - Application Deferrals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deferring offers
```

(deferring an application is slightly different, and we don't support it anywhere)

> - Interview Scheduling and Status

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Interview scheduling and status
```

- Decision codes (e.g. to provide structured reasons for rejection, or conditions)
- Tracking and confirming individual conditions
- Notes

> We are exploring the addition of those features, and will look to support them in later API versions.

Reviewer 2: Propose we're a bit softer here?

```suggestion
We are exploring the addition of those features, and may support them in later API versions.
```
